README.md, before:

# Hi 👋 I'm [Mike Rogers](https://mikerogers.io/)

I am a Ruby on Rails developer from the UK.

## 📫 Connect with me:

📫 How to reach me: [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MikeRogers0) & [My Site](https://mikerogers.io/)

☕️ [Buy me a coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/MikeRogers0)

## 🛠 My Current Projects:

🚀 I’m currently working on [Typo CI](https://github.com/marketplace/typo-ci), a spellchecker for Pull Requests.

🙏 I’m looking for help with [Ruby Starter Kits](https://github.com/Ruby-Starter-Kits/), a way for people to get Ruby up and running with just docker.

# 📚 Latest [Blog](https://mikerogers.io/) Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [How to Make Rails Work Offline (PWA)](https://mikerogers.io/2020/12/14/how-to-make-rails-work-offline-via-service-workers)
- [How I write my RSpec Specs](https://mikerogers.io/2020/11/24/how-i-write-my-rspec-specs)
- [How To Be Serverless on Heroku](https://mikerogers.io/2020/11/11/how-to-be-serverless-on-heroku)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

# 📺 Latest [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/MikeRogers0) Videos

<!-- YOUTUBE-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Inline Editing With turbo_frame_tag (hotwire-rails)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2GOdfUsc9U)
- [Real-Time Partial Updates in Ruby on Rails using hotwire-rails](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRv4XGu6QkY)
<!-- YOUTUBE-POST-LIST:END -->

Commit message:

Tidying up readme some more (#2)
* Adjusting headers & copy a tad

* Using icons for connect stuff

* Icons looked naff on the dark mode

* Writing message me setup

README.md, after:

# Hi 👋 I'm [Mike Rogers](https://mikerogers.io/)

I am a Ruby on Rails developer from the UK.

If you like my work, please consider [buying me a coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/MikeRogers0) - every coffee is really appreciated!

## 📫 Connect with me

If you'd to talk with me about Ruby, please feel free to message me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MikeRogers0) or send me an email [mailto:me+site@mikerogers.io?subject=Work%20with%20You](me@mikerogers.io).

## 🛠 My Current Projects

- [Typo CI](https://github.com/marketplace/typo-ci) - Check your code for spelling mistakes.
- [Ruby Starter Kits](https://github.com/Ruby-Starter-Kits/) - Quick start Docker templates for Ruby applications.

## 📚 Latest [Blog](https://mikerogers.io/) Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [How to Make Rails Work Offline (PWA)](https://mikerogers.io/2020/12/14/how-to-make-rails-work-offline-via-service-workers)
- [How I write my RSpec Specs](https://mikerogers.io/2020/11/24/how-i-write-my-rspec-specs)
- [How To Be Serverless on Heroku](https://mikerogers.io/2020/11/11/how-to-be-serverless-on-heroku)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

## 📺 Latest [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/MikeRogers0) Videos

<!-- YOUTUBE-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Inline Editing With turbo_frame_tag (hotwire-rails)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2GOdfUsc9U)
- [Real-Time Partial Updates in Ruby on Rails using hotwire-rails](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRv4XGu6QkY)
<!-- YOUTUBE-POST-LIST:END -->
